fix: correct punctuation errors in CSS lecture descriptions (#69025)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/lecture-what-is-css/672acbf7490c054d213a8c1f.md

In the above example, the internal CSS applies blue text to all `p` elements on the page.

> Internal CSS is best used when you need to apply styles to a specific page rather than across multiple pages. It’s useful for single-page websites or when the styles don't need to be reused elsewhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internal CSS is best used when you need to apply styles to a specific page rather than across multiple pages. It's useful for single-page websites or when the styles don't need to be reused elsewhere.
```

Author: Thank you for catching that! I've pushed the fix
